docs: update contributing guidelines to v4 (#321)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Include your rule in the "Supported Rules" table within the [README.md](./README.md).
  Don't forget to include the proper badges if needed and to sort alphabetically the rules for readability.

### Custom rule creator

> In v4 we introduced several improvements not only for the final users but for contributors too. Now there is a custom Rule Creator available called `createTestingLibraryRule` which should be the default Rule Creator used in this plugin. This Testing Library Rule Creator extends TSESLint Rule Creator to enhance rules automatically, so it prevents rules to be reported if nothing related to Testing Library found, and injects a 3rd parameter within `create` function: `helpers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v4 we introduced several improvements for both the final users as for contributors. Now there is a custom Rule Creator available called `createTestingLibraryRule` which should be the default Rule Creator used in this plugin. This Testing Library Rule Creator extends TSESLint Rule Creator to enhance rules automatically, so it prevents rules to be reported if nothing related to Testing Library found, and injects a 3rd parameter within `create` function: `helpers`.
```

This new `helpers` available in the `create` of the rule gives you access to a bunch of utils to detect things related to Testing Library. You can find all of them in `detect-testing-library-utils.ts` file, but these are some helpers available:

- `isTestingLibraryImported`
- `isGetQueryVariant`
- `isQueryQueryVariant`
- `isFindQueryVariant`
- `isSyncQuery`
- `isAsyncQuery`
- `isQuery`
- `isCustomQuery`
- `isAsyncUtil`
- `isFireEventUtil`
- `isUserEventUtil`
- `isFireEventMethod`
- `isUserEventMethod`
- `isRenderUtil`
- `isRenderVariableDeclarator`
- `isDebugUtil`
- `isPresenceAssert`
- `isAbsenceAssert`
- `isNodeComingFromTestingLibrary`

> Our custom Rule Creator will take care also of common checks like making sure Testing Library is imported, or verify Shared Settings. You don't need to implement in your rule anything to check if there is some import related to Testing Library or anything similar anymore, just stick to the `helpers` received as a 3rd parameter in your `create` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our custom Rule Creator will also take care of common checks like making sure Testing Library is imported, or verify Shared Settings. You don't need to implement anything to check if there is some import related to Testing Library or anything similar in your rule anymore, just stick to the `helpers` received as a 3rd parameter in your `create` function.
```

- Try to add tests to cover the changes introduced, no matter if that's
  a bug fix or a new feature.

## Writing Tests

When writing tests for a new or existing rule, please make sure to follow these guidelines:

> ###Write real-ish scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Write real-ish scenarios
```

> Since the plugin will report differently depending on Testing Library package is imported and Shared Settings are enabled, writing more realistic scenarios is pretty important. Ideally, you should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the plugin will report differently depending on which Testing Library package is imported and what Shared Settings are enabled, writing more realistic scenarios is pretty important. Ideally, you should:
```
